{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff36\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Nimbus Roman No9 L{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Nimbus Sans L{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f38\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}DejaVu Sans;}{\f96\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f97\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f99\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f100\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f101\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f102\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f103\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f104\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs28\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Heading;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \i\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext18 \ssemihidden caption;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Index;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid143110\rsid9050733\rsid12417777}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6818;}{\info{\author arnie}{\operator Josh Braegger}
{\creatim\yr2007\mo1\dy9\hr21\min23}{\revtim\yr2007\mo1\dy10\hr15\min5}{\printim\yr2007\mo1\dy10\hr14\min53}{\version4}{\edmins22}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords702}{\nofchars4003}{\nofcharsws4696}{\vern16393}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl }
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\gutter0 \deftab709\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot143110 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 {\insrsid9050733 Name: Joshua Braegger
\par 
\par STUDENTS WORK OBJECTIVES
\par 
\par My Major Education Objectives For Spring Semester, 2007
\par 
\par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Career Orientation Objectives
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par }{\insrsid143110 A main}{\insrsid12417777  way}{\insrsid143110  to get promoted}{\insrsid12417777  at Mortgage Computer}{\insrsid143110 
 is by passing off folders quickly.  A folder is similar to a bug ID in a project tracker.  My goal is to get folders passed off when only having them 3 or 4 times (unless, of course, other things get added to that folder).}{\insrsid9050733 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid143110 I will accomplish this goal by testing my code twice, once when I\rquote m working on it, then once after I move the items I worked on to the testers.}{\insrsid9050733 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid143110 I will know I have accomplished this goal when I find that most, or hopefully all, of my folders are being passed off after 3 or less times having them.}{\insrsid9050733 
\par 
\par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Skills Acquisition Objective
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par }{\insrsid143110 I want to learn how to use Coldfusion better, therefore I will attempt to learn 10 new skills that I didn\rquote 
t know before that relates to Coldfusion, whether that be new functions I can use, or a new way of designing or implementing a Coldfusion component.}{\insrsid9050733 
\par }{\insrsid143110 
\par I will accomplish this by reading in my spare time online documentation of Coldfusion, and also read books written by Coldfusion experts.
\par 
\par I will know I have accomplished this when I have learned 10 new skills relating to Coldfusion.
\par 
\par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Skills Application Objective
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par A skill I want to become better at doing is focusing on one thing at a time, while still being productive.  Currently I find myself working on several things at a time, and that causes my attention to be everywhere.  If I 
can focus my time on a single objective, things would turn out a lot better.
\par 
\par I will accomplish this by organizing what needs to be done by priority, and work on the highest priority thing first, only taking time out to resort new priorities if they change.
\par 
\par I will know I have accomplished this when I }{\insrsid143110 my high priority folders are at a minimum, and when I can get the smaller high priority fixes done within a day, and I can concentrate on the larger projects with a high priority.}{
\insrsid9050733 
\par 
\par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Human Relations Objective
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par I want to be able to get along better with everyone at my job.
\par 
\par I will accomplish this by finding nice things to say about people, and telling them when they do a good job, and approach conflicts in a much more toned-down manner, as to not hurt their feelings.
\par 
\par I will know I have accomplished this when people can approach me with problems with better ease, and I don't find myself worried if someone will be upset when I bring up my own problem with our project.
\par 
\par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Job Improvement
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par }{\insrsid143110 My supervisor wants to be finish}{\insrsid9050733 ed}{\insrsid143110  working on 
our Report Writer, a component that transforms html-formatted text into a PDF, which powers over 100 different reports.  Currently it is in the debugging stage, and we need to get it into a stable implementation.}{\insrsid9050733 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid143110 I will accomplish this by setting aside 1 or 2 hours a week (or more if needs be), devoted entirely to Report Writer, and will continue to do so until it is finished.}{\insrsid9050733 
\par }{\insrsid143110 
\par I will know it is done when it is flexible enough to handle any kind of report that needs to be created (whether it be a notice or a standard report), and is stable enough to not crash in typical and most non-typical situations.
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 An Additional Objective
\par }{\insrsid9050733 
\par I want to make my workplace (at least my department) a more stress-free environment.
\par 
\par To accomplish this, I will try and bring food in at stressful times, for everybody to eat.  I have found food to ease tensions quite a bit.  I will also try and act more relaxed around coworkers, even when things are pressuring in.}{\insrsid143110 
  Another way to make it less stress-free is to finish our Credit Line application.  Although it may not be done by the end of the semester, which is a heavy burden on the company, and finishing it as soon as possible would lighten the attitude a lot.}{
\insrsid9050733 
\par 
\par I will know I have accomplished this when I start to see everybody having a better attitude (including myself) and production should actually increase, since job satisfaction will increase also.
\par 
\par AGREEMENT
\par 
\par We the undersigned agree with the validity of the learning objectives listed above.  The employer and the college agree to provide the necessary supervision and counseling to insure that the maximum educational benefit may be achieved for the student/
employee's work experience.
\par 
\par There are three participants in the Cooperative Education venture.  The student agrees to abide by the department and employer guidelines.  The supervisor will evaluate the student/employee's performance objectives at the end o
f the grading period.  The university will award academic credit for work successfully accomplished.
\par 
\par 
\par ___________________________\tab \tab ______________________________
\par Student Signature\tab \tab \tab \tab Supervisor's Signature
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ____________________________
\par Coordinator's Signature
\par }}