{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1\deff24\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f24\froman\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Nimbus Roman No9 L{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Nimbus Sans L{\*\falt Arial};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f24\froman\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Nimbus Roman No9 L{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Nimbus Sans L{\*\falt Arial};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f25\fs28\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Heading;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \i\f24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext18 caption;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Index;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid143110\rsid9050733\rsid12410993\rsid12417777}{\info{\title Name: Joshua Braegger}{\author arnie}{\operator its me}{\creatim\yr2007\mo3\dy4\hr20\min6}{\revtim\yr2007\mo3\dy4\hr20\min19}{\printim\yr2007\mo1\dy10\hr14\min53}{\version11}{\edmins13}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords667}{\nofchars3802}{\nofcharsws4669}{\vern24967}}\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134 \deftab709\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1134\dgvorigin1134\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot143110 \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f24\lang1033\langfe255\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp255 {\insrsid9050733 Name: Joshua Braegger\par \par STUDENTS WORK OBJECTIVES\par \par My Major Education Objectives For Spring Semester, 2007\par \par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Career Orientation Objectives\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par }{\insrsid143110 A main}{\insrsid12417777  way}{\insrsid143110  to get promoted}{\insrsid12417777  at }{\insrsid12410993 Backcountry.com is to be productive, and being fully aware of new ideas and technologies in the company, and being able to apply those in the workplace.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par }{\insrsid12410993 I will accomplish this by always testing my code thoroughly as to keep bugs at a low, while still coding effectively.  I will also make sure to learn at least 1 new thing per day, so my knowledge will continually expand.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par }{\insrsid12410993 I will know I have accomplished this when people start coming to me to ask questions, rather than the other way around.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Skills Acquisition Objective\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par }{\insrsid12410993 Because I am new at this job, I want to learn as much as I can about the programming language Perl, which is used throughout essentially every application at my work.}{\insrsid9050733 \par }{\insrsid143110 \par }{\insrsid12410993 I will accomplish this by reading in my spare time, and continually studying new code.}{\insrsid143110 \par \par I will know I have accomplished this when I have learned 10 new skills relating to }{\insrsid12410993 Perl}{\insrsid143110 .\par \par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Skills Application Objective\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par A skill I want }{\insrsid12410993 is }{\insrsid9050733 to }{\insrsid12410993 be able to prioritize my time better.  I continually have several tasks that need to be accomplished, and I am often times unsure about what should be done first.  If I prioritized my tasks, I would be more productive in areas that high productivity is needed.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par I will accomplish this by organizing what needs to be done by priority, and work on the highest priority thing first, only taking time out to resort new priorities if they change.\par \par I will know I have accomplished this when I }{\insrsid143110 my }{\insrsid12410993 high priority assignments are at a minimum, and I find myself with several smaller undone tasks.  If everything goes accordingly, everything that needs to be done should be getting done.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Human Relations Objective\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par I want to be able to get along better with everyone at my job.\par \par I will accomplish this by finding nice things to say about people, and telling them when they do a good job, and approach conflicts in a much more toned-down manner, as to not hurt their feelings.\par \par I will know I have accomplished this when people can approach me with problems with better ease, and I don't find myself worried if someone will be upset when I bring up my own problem with our project.\par \par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 Job Improvement\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par }{\insrsid143110 My supervisor wants to be finish}{\insrsid9050733 ed}{\insrsid143110  working on our Report Writer, a component that transforms html-formatted text into a PDF, which powers over 100 different reports.  Currently it is in the debugging stage, and we need to get it into a stable implementation.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par }{\insrsid143110 I will accomplish this by setting aside 1 or 2 hours a week (or more if needs be), devoted entirely to Report Writer, and will continue to do so until it is finished.}{\insrsid9050733 \par }{\insrsid143110 \par I will know it is done when it is flexible enough to handle any kind of report that needs to be created (whether it be a notice or a standard report), and is stable enough to not crash in typical and most non-typical situations.\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par }{\ul\insrsid9050733 An Additional Objective\par }{\insrsid9050733 \par I want to }{\insrsid12410993 understand the overall architecture of our company.  We have some 60 servers right now, and I\rquote m not sure what most of them do.  I want to know where every one of them fits in, so that I might be able to troubleshoot problems that may arise.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par To accomplish this, }{\insrsid12410993 I will research on the company information website (aka \ldblquote The Goat\rdblquote ) and study up about the entire operation.  Also, since all the information isn\rquote t on there, I will occasionally ask any coworkers or supervisors to help clarify any questions I might have.}{\insrsid9050733 \par \par I will know I have accomplished this }{\insrsid12410993 when I know what other people are talking about when the talk about different servers or aspects of the architecture, and can communicate myself using the proper names of servers and such. }{\insrsid9050733 \par \par AGREEMENT\par \par We the undersigned agree with the validity of the learning objectives listed above.  The employer and the college agree to provide the necessary supervision and counseling to insure that the maximum educational benefit may be achieved for the student/employee's work experience.\par \par There are three participants in the Cooperative Education venture.  The student agrees to abide by the department and employer guidelines.  The supervisor will evaluate the student/employee's performance objectives at the end of the grading period.  The university will award academic credit for work successfully accomplished.\par \par \par ___________________________\tab \tab ______________________________\par Student Signature\tab \tab \tab \tab Supervisor's Signature\par \par \par \par ____________________________\par Coordinator's Signature\par }}