{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f24\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f24\froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Times};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3344282\rsid10495762}{\info{\title Progress Report}{\author arnie}{\operator its me}{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy18\hr13\min33}{\revtim\yr2007\mo2\dy18\hr13\min49}{\version20}{\edmins14}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords517}{\nofchars2947}{\nofcharsws3619}{\vern24967}}\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134 \deftab709\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1134\dgvorigin1134\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot10495762 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f24\insrsid10495762 Progress Report\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f24\insrsid10495762 \par Name:  Joshua Braegger\tab \tab Reporting Period From: Jan 31 \endash  Feb 19\par Total hours worked: 65 hrs\tab \tab Employer:  Mortgage Computer\tab Supervisor:  Glenn Stauffer\par \par 1.  What were your responsibilities or duties on the job?  (and approximate time each)\par \par - Working with the tester Vicki to get the standards folders done.  This took up a majority of my time working, which would be approximately 35 hours.\par - A }{\f24\insrsid3344282 s}{\f24\insrsid10495762 lightly shorter amount of time, approximately 30 hours, was taken on getting the File Movement converted from using files to a database.  This project was started a while ago, but we finished it so it includes reporting and tracking for the entire company.\par \par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f24\insrsid10495762 2.\tab What new knowledge or skill did you learn on the job?  (Describe briefly)\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f24\insrsid10495762 \par I learned how webservices worked, how to implement them, and when to implement them.  Our user information was stored on a separate server, and we needed to get the information on a different server.  We were able to do this my implementing a web service.\par \par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\f24\insrsid10495762 3.\tab What have you learned in classes that you have applied or observed on the job?\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f24\insrsid10495762 \par I applied my knowledge of relational databases, learned in my database class, to our File Movement project.  We had to design the database for maximum efficiency, while still maintaining a degree of maintainability and expandability to it.\par \par 4.  What areas of knowledge have you needed on the job that seems to be lacking in Weber State's Computer Science curriculum?\par \par They teach us different techniques on how to do things, but they don\rquote t really teach what the best way to go about something is.  For example, they say \ldblquote using a single table with like attributes is easier to maintain, but takes up more space and may not be as good for expandability.\rdblquote   However, they don\rquote t say in which case to use a single table, or multiple tables.\par \par 5.  What difficulty occurred or what mistakes did you make on the job?  What did you do to correct it?\par \par Relating to the above, the File Movement was somewhat challenging.  We started programming in one direction, then we changed after we realizing we were running into a corner.  What happened was we were using strings as identifiers, and each programmers string differed slightly.  For example, one would capitalize the first letter in a string, and one wouldn\rquote t.  This caused us problems, so we changed to numbers as identifiers, which worked out a lot better.\par \par 6.  What skill(s) could you use help on in performing your job better?\par \par Engineering skills would be great.  I am taking Software Engineering this semester, and I think if I applied the skills I learn in that class to my work better, things would turn out a lot easier the first time, and I wouldn\rquote t need to reprogram things (as I did in question 5).\par \par 7.  What interesting or challenging relationship did you have this reporting period with a fellow worker, customer, or sponsor?  Explain briefly.\par \par I had an instance with a fellow programmer where we disagreed on how to implement the File Movement, and things were getting a little heated.  What we did to resolve it was to each take a turn to explain what we thought, and why we thought it.  After we did this, and we each understood the others concerns, we were able to come up with a resolution that satisfied both of our needs.\par \par 8.  Additional comments.\par \par Working at Mortgage Computer has been great.  My coworkers are wonderful to work with, and we have been getting a lot done.  I have learned a lot from this place, and have gotten a chance to apply my skills learned in school in a real world situation.  It\rquote s been just wonderful.\par }}