{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author arnie}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww11440\viewh9280\viewkind0
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Progress Report\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Name:  Joshua Braegger		Reporting Period From: Jan 8 - Jan 31\
Total hours worked: 88 hrs		Employer:  Mortgage Computer	Supervisor:  Glenn Stauffer\
\
1.  What were your responsibilities or duties on the job?  (and approximate time each)\
\
- Working with the tester Vicki to get the standards folders done.  This took up a majority of my time working, which would be approximately 70 hours.\
- A shorter amount of time, approximately 10 hours, was taken on getting the File Movement converted from using files to a database.\
- The rest of the time, which would be about 8 hours, was spent on starting our Credit Line package.\
\
\pard\pardeftab709\li360\fi-360\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 2.	What new knowledge or skill did you learn on the job?  (Describe briefly)\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Although not relating to Computer Science directly, I learned how PMI Insurance worked.  It was necessary for me to program a certain report for our customers, and I wasn't sure how it worked, so I researched and found out lots of interesting things about it (ie. you can call your financing institution and they have to cancel your PMI if you're not delinquent, if you reach 80% of your LTV).  Our software has the ability to do this.\
\
\pard\pardeftab709\li360\fi-360\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 3.	What have you learned in classes that you have applied or observed on the job?\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
I applied class inheritance (in Coldfusion, the programming language we use, it's referred to as \'d2component inheritance\'d3) when creating a digital file to send to the IRS to report certain financial information.  All the files had the same basic layout, but different tax forms had different values.  For example, all the company information is the same in the 1098 form as the 1099-INT, but each reported different elements.  By using inheritance, I only had to do most of the work once, then inherited from that class and did the same methods over and over again for 5 different forms.\
\
4.  What areas of knowledge have you needed on the job that seems to be lacking in Weber State's Computer Science curriculum?\
\
Putting a large program into production is definitely lacking.  For example, if you have different tiers (not like n-tier web programming): 1 tier of developers, 1 tier of testers, and 1 tier for customers, how do you keep track of files between the different tiers?  How do the developers work on something (the application would have lots of bugs due to the developers working on it), have the testers have something some-what stable but new (for example a beta) and the customers have a final release?  Normally this would be through versioning, but when a finite versioning system is lacking, and things are developed and fixed on the fly to meet fast demands, how is something like this accomplished?\
\
5.  What difficulty occurred or what mistakes did you make on the job?  What did you do to correct it?\
\
Relating to the question above, a few files got moved into the customers tier that caused errors, so it damaged the website temporarily (luckily it was after all our customers had gone home).  I stayed late and got all the errors resolved that night, by troubleshooting what had gone wrong.  I found what had caused the problem, and tightened up the process of moving files to the customers so it wouldn't allow what happened then.\
\
\
6.  What skill(s) could you use help on in performing your job better?\
\
Testing before our full-time testers get to it would be the best skill.  Currently I simply go through and make sure things don't blow up, where I really should be testing for accuracy.  A lot of the times I'm not sure what the software should be doing, I simply program what is documented.  If I knew the software better, I could test for accuracy as well and cause a lot less problems in the future.\
\
7.  What interesting or challenging relationship did you have this reporting period with a fellow worker, customer, or sponsor?  Explain briefly.\
\
One of the testers I work with tends to make small problems seem like complete disasters.  I have learned to deal with this by going up and talking to her face to face (normally we talk over an instant messenger), and explain the situation to her and propose a solution.  Since I have started doing this, we seem to get along quite well.\
\
8.  Additional comments.\
\
I really like working at Mortgage Computer and have learned a lot, and I feel I am making a great contribution to the company.  Really it's a win-win situation since we are reaching goals, and I'm getting an education.\
}